Document .runtimeconfig.dev.json `configProperties` precedence change in .NET 11 (#54643)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/runtime-config/index.md

}
```

> Starting in .NET 11 Preview 6, to support development-time overrides, the value in *[appname].runtimeconfig.dev.json* takes precedence when you define the same key in `configProperties` in both files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 11, to support development-time overrides, the value in *[appname].runtimeconfig.dev.json* takes precedence when you define the same key in `configProperties` in both *[appname].runtimeconfig.dev.json* and *[appname].runtimeconfig.json*.
```
